In this lesson we're going to fix the question
page component so that it can show
the question details as we have in our non SPA application.
OK without further ado let's head over to our
terminal and here let me create a new branch
Now let's run Laravel mix by saying npm run  watch.
All right
if we open routes.js
here we've already defined a route record to map
the path with our question page component.
Now here let me show you another way
dealing with dynamic route matching.
So if you remember
in the last lesson
we've defined
questions
we've defined questions colon id edit in the route
record. And then in the component we can get the
id from the URL using
this router params dot id.
So here let me show you another way.
Here we add props and set it to true.
So by doing this we tell vue router
to pass URL parameter as prop.
So in the question page we don't need to get the
router parameter using this router params slug.
Now let's call this route in the question excerpt component.
So let's often that component
and here let's replace the anchor tag with router link,
bind the 'to' attribute to
questions dot show.
Since this route needs a slug parameter
so here let's specify params
and it contains slug and we'll set it with question dot slug.
Now let's go to question page
Here we bind the question to question if I remember this came from
came from here.
Now in our spa we cannot do this way
also here let's  comment this out for a while.
Let's jump to the script section.
Since we defined the props in our route record here
we need to explicitly add the slug in this props.
So let's replace this with slug.
this should be matched with
this parameter.
Now for the question it's no longer depends on other component.
So we'll hit our API endpoint in here. So let's
add data method return an object, and in here
let's define question and it contains empty object
as initial value. Now to hit our API endpoint
let's add mounted hook.
In here
let's call another method
here
I'm gonna call it fetch
question.
Outside here
let's add methods
and define
the fetch question method.
Here we will hit question endpoint by saying axios
get. The endpoint is going to be back tick forward
slash questions.
Then we'll add this slug.
Note that we don't call this router params as we did before
since we have explicitly defined the props in our route record.
Let's chain in with then
and inside here we simply replace our question properly
with data
data.
Let's also chain in with catch. And in there
we simply say error console dot log error.
All right let's
save all changes
and let's see how that look.
Reload the page
I'll hit  the link
I still get a blank page
here we have some error
Well this error occurred because when this
component render our question is still empty.
It only contained an empty object. But if we go
back to our editor and open question component
here in data method we tried to assign this question
title to title, this question body to body.
and so on.
So to fix this at least we have two options. First in question page
we need to explicitly define the question column such as title,
body,
id and other component.
So here you'll see we have the question
page but we still get the error.
This because we need to explicitly other columns.
So let's see the second way
here
we don't need to explicitly define the
question columns in our data method.
Instead
here we can add on this container v-if then pass in
question dot id. This mean this component will
get rendered is a question dot id was not empty.
So if we save this. Back to our browser
now the error is gone and we see the
question details appear on the screen.
Great.
Now let's display all related answers.